# myfavoritethings
One Time Downloader for small record labels


[Installation](documentation/Installation.md) | [User Guide](documentation/UserGuide.md) | [FAQ](documentation/FrequentlyAskedQuestions.md) | [Technical Details](documentation/TechnicalDetails.md) | [Future Work](documentation/FutureWork.md) | [Maintenance Development](documentation/MaintenanceDev.md)

Provides small record labels with the ability to add a download voucher to their vinyl record releases. This download voucher contains an URL + a One time code to download the whole record as ZIP file containing MP3 files.

The label owner can create new download projects and manage existing downloads by the help of a web interface. Creating a new download project as well as producing the vouchers is just a matter of a few clicks.

Further media:
* [example PDF](documentation/exampleVouchers.pdf) with download codes generated by myfavoritethings
* watch the 18 Minutes Video Presentation and Software Demo [here](http://vimeo.com/15281130)


## Update September 2020
New version 0.6.0. This version does not include feature changes. Instead *it brings its own Perl environment* so that myfavoritethings does not require a special Perl version installed (self-contained). This works around issues with former standard modules being deprecated and removed from the Perl core modules.

### Release Page
https://github.com/samba2/myfavoritethings/releases/tag/release-0.6.0

### Update
To update your current installation:
* ! backup your MyFavouriteThings folder in `cgi-bin` to an other location. Really, this is important as I don't guarantee a successful update !
* download the [`release-0.6.0.zip`](https://github.com/samba2/myfavoritethings/releases/tag/release-0.6.0) file and extract it
* *replace* all folders in your web servers `cgi-bin/MyFavouriteThings/` directory with the folders extracted from the zip file:
    * `cgi` 
    * `html`
    * `lib` 
    * `myfavCss`

* also there is the new `perl5` folder. Copy it next to the other directories.

After the update your new folder structure should now look something like this:
* `cgi` (updated)
* `html` (updated)
* `lib` (updated)
* `myfavCss` (updated)
* `test` (untouched)
* `data` (untouched!) 
* `perl5` (new)

! Now give *executable* permissions to the files in `cgi` and also to the Perl interpreter itself located at `perl5/bin/perl`.

Note: For those who have customized the CSS and HTML over the years: The only changes for this update where done in the `lib`, `cgi` and `perl5` directories. You should also be fine to update only these and keep your custom content in `html` and/ or `css`.

## Update May 2015
Moved to github.com since Google Code is closing down.

## Update August 2014
New version 0.5d which also supports Perl 5.18 
