= Installation =
This page describes the installation of _My Favorite Things_ on a web server.

== Prerequisite == 
_My Favorite Things_ is running as good old Common Gateway Interface (CGI) application. This might seem a little bit old fashioned but the aim of the application was to run even on the cheapest web server. However, to use _My Favorite Things_ make sure your web hoster is supporting running CGI scripts.

_My Favorite Things_ is written in Perl. It requires an existing Perl 5 installation on the web server. This should hopefully be the case on almost every webserver. So you don't have to worry about it. If you are facing problems it is a good idea to ask your provider if "Perl" is supported and if the perl binary file is located under `/usr/bin/perl`. But as I said, this is pretty much standard so you should be safe here.

== Copying and Permissions ==
The whole `MyFavoriteThings` folder needs to be copied to the CGI area of your web site. In almost all cases this is inside the directory `cgi-bin` of your web server. 
If you don't find such a directory in your web space, try to create `cgi-bin` and copy `MyFavoriteThings` inside it.

So you end up with something link `cgi-bin/MyFavoriteThings/`
If you are unsure about this cgi-bin business, contact your provider/ hoster and ask for the directory for cgi script files.

Inside the `MyFavoriteThings` folder is a directory called `cgi`. Go inside and you will find the following files
  * install.cgi
  * Releases.cgi
  * Wizard.cgi
  * !DownloadFile.cgi
  * Login.cgi

Now add the _execute_ permission to all those cgi files. This is done by your FTP/ SFTP client program. If you don't know how to change this permission consult the help function of your FTP/ SFTP client. Apply `execute` to all three user groups: `user`, `group` and `others`

== Running the Installer ==
Now all the necessary preperations to run the install program are in place. The installer is one of the CGI scripts above and is located here: 
`cgi-bin/MyFavoriteThings/cgi/install.cgi`
 
The `install.cgi` script is started with your browser. The trick is now to find the right web address of the script. So lets take an example:

If `cgi-bin` is located directly on the top level of your web server then the URL should be `http://your-domain.name/cgi-bin/MyFavoriteThings/cgi/install.cgi`

If your lucky the "My Favorite Things Installer" page is presented to you. From here just follow the instructions.

Good luck ;-)

== Perl is located somewhere else/ Running on Windows ==
If your perl interpreter is not at `/usr/bin/perl` but somewhere else you have to alter the first line of all the cgi files inside the `cgi` directory.
If you are trying to install on Windows (is someone really doing that?!) change for all files
`#!/usr/bin/perl -w` to the path of your perl binary on the Windows system like `#!C:/Perl/bin/perl.exe -w`

== Understanding the Forwarder ==
I admit I have been a little bit inconsistent while talking about the "central download path" or the "forwarder URL". It is all the same.
The actual user download is done by `DownloadFile.cgi` + some (quite long) parameters. So you end up with something like
`http://your-domain/cgi-bin/MyFavoriteThings/cgi/DownloadFile.cgi?r=DFnmd313fbs7nd463` which is not nice.

To overcome that a HTML forwarder (technically speaking a redirect) is created with a nicer URL which then sends your browser to the `DownloadFile.cgi` URL above.
In our example the nice URL could look like:
`http://your-domain/downloads/MyRelease`

The forwarder is placed inside the normal web root directory. For each release a new directory is created. Inside
the directory a `index.html` is written which contains the forward to the long URL above. 

If you want to understand this concept better just create a release and have a look inside the forwarder directory.
You will find the index.html file - open it and you will see the redirect to the actual CGI program.